# Junior developer meetup/VR Audio presentation

#### White Owl Social Club/Wacom Headquarters 08.15.18


The junior developer happy hour lived up to its name in that it was a number of junior developers meeting to mingle and drink.  There were a number of Epicodus alums in attendance including the de facto organizer, Molly, whom I'd previously met through friends and had been instrumental in telling me about her experience at Epicodus and was a large part of why I decided to attend.  The event itself had no speakers or presentations of any sort which was probably just as well because things became pretty hectic since the venue was also taking part in burger week and the carnivores descended pretty quickly on the few remaining open seats.

As far as meetups go, this one was not at all intimidating seeing as it was a casual happy hour event aimed at junior developers and the event page itself is even inviting to those "who are curious about a job in tech".  If anything, it was a tech meetup with training wheels.  We've talked about imposter syndrome ad nauseum, but luckily it was hard to be intimidated here.

Talking to numerous Epicodus alums and hearing about their experiences after graduation was interesting.  On one hand, Molly was hired immediately as a Ruby developer after graduation, but others from her cohort who were still searching for work after 9 months or so.  It put things into perspective and gave me an idea of what may await and what to prepare for when I finish the program.

One of the Alums, Jason, mentioned a different meetup happening at Wacom in a different part of town and he mentioned that he was driving there.  He offered Will and I a ride and we took him up on it and the two of us talked further with him about life after Epicodus on the ride there.  

I'm not sure I'd classify the event at Wacom as a meetup.  Ostensibly the event was presented by a gentleman named Vincent (whose last name I do not know... not to mention there's no listing of his name on his card or his webiste) giving a presentation on creating space and reenforcing VR by adding a 3 dimensional sound element to the mix to make for a more immersive experience.  Between glitchy gear and using a single 3" speaker to approximate space, it was more a guy showing off his toys while speaking about what went into them in only the most general terms. In a previous life I'd spent time as a touring musician, so the sound engineering aspect of things was something I enjoyed despite the presenter talking about how analog audio was terrible and digital was far superior.  I bit my tongue before telling him that there's more to audio presentation than bitrates, fidelity and digital approximation.  All in all it was interesting and impressive seeing the VR headsets he'd built himself, but ultimately I think I would have been better served staying at the White Owl Social Club where things were more interactive and open as opposed to seeing a presentation on something that is only loosely related to programming.  AS interesting as it was, I couldn't recommend the latter event for anything other than gadget tourism.

I'm certainly interested in attending more meetups as my schedule allows.  I'd be most interested in attending some that are actually informative and less casual than the junior developer meetup, so I've signed up for lists and have bookmarked meetup sites.
